>> New documentary.
>> Researchers in Turkey are
about to embark on an excavation
at the ancient site
of Karahan Tepe.
And they believe it's
much older than Gobekli
Tepe, the famous zero
point of world history.
>> This week on Gaia.
On "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> But we want
disclosure out there.
And that's our momentum.
And that's our goal.
>> On "Stairway to the Stars."
>> If you can deprive people
of an authentic history,
that is one major component in
getting control of a culture
or a society.
>> On "Dragonfly
enLightning Talks."
>> She trusted our wisdom and
trusted that we still were aware
there we're part of the
earth and not separate.
We're part of all of our
relations and not separate.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory."
>> Can anybody receive
messages from the other side?
>> Absolutely.
Absolutely.
But when you limit your
beliefs, the answer is no.
So you have to get rid
of your limiting beliefs.
>> On "Journeys into the Soul."
>> This atmosphere took over.
There's not the
sunshine that I wanted.
>> So now that you know
this, what happens now?
>> Only on Gaia.